##C++
 haskell == plain english ??
[asking about C++ rules] vincenz: how should we know what those rules mean ?

<basti_>
Snow doeth lay upon the lands. Even with cunning newtype; deriving the newtype is recursive. Great leaders brings less pain.

<skew>
also, if you use ST you know the code is just using mutable variables, rather than formatting your hard drive

AI_coder
the

Adamant
Haskell makes my brain taste like burning

Alanna
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OS's is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders.

Baughn
[I] once explained monads to a non-programmer. "And? What's so hard about that?"
I think I'm beginning to understand this language. I just defined 1+1=3.

BillWood
it became obvious that when a Prolog program is tuned by removing non-determinism it moves towards a functional program.

BjarneStroustrup
any verbose and tedious solution is error-prone because programmers get bored. [S 9.4 of C++, 2nd edition]

Bulat
there is new Time library, which is supposed to replace old System.Time. we hope that it will happen before 2038

Cale
desrt: Did you hear about the trivial religion that I came up with? Its tenets consist of a single statement: "Believing in this statement will make you happier". It's like a terminal object in the category of religions and theomorphisms.
Woo! Lambda Calculus and lots of pretty colours!
[discussing names for Haskell, after suggesting Sapphire] Diamond: The Hardest Programming Language on Earth
[more monad clarity] monads as food gathering in post-industrial America
... if sections were allowed at the type level ...
They're using continental drift as a means of communication.
The perfect programming language is mathematics, but that only runs on mathematicians.
Beware of the function [a] -> a. For it may contain trappes and sprynges of great variety and harm.

ChilliX
You need to seek a balance between category theory and VLSI

ChrisKuklewicz
Are there little known Haskell idioms for doing math? Is there an undocumented -funleash-fortran parameter?

ChristopherHendrie
Sometimes I wonder if Java will be indirectly responsible for hastening the adoption of functional programming languages

ConorMcBride
So, taking Void to be the colour of the empty bikeshed ...

DanPiponi
Writing introductions to monads seems to have developed into an industry

DanaXu
Program errors are common in software systems, including those that are constructed from advanced programming languages, such as Haskell

DavidAmos
the real reason for using Haskell is that the code comes out shorter, and is quicker to write, than in imperative languages .. What that means is, I can get much more done when I use Haskell

DennisHeuer
What is that???? Your strategy shows that you just don't care.
Are you fully nerd????

DukeDave
what, if your kids start doing drugs? or worse, business school

Failure02
in haskell you can have korean smilies as variables! like (^-^)

Gahhh
monads are usually a personal experience.

HamiltonRichards
It's fair to say that functional programming requires a very different mind-set, but once you've made the "jump", programming in conventional languages feels like doing arithmetic in Roman numerals.

HavocPennington
Haskell is the least-broken programming language available today.

Heffalump
docs aren't all that useful, generally
CPP leads to suffering

Igloo
[dons: anyone know what happened to [the] Haskell wishlist?]  Igloo: Did it have "Crush Java" listed?

Itkovian
my balls are large enough, thank you very much
real programmers don't write docs, if it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand

JaffaCake
I don't remember a recruitment process where the interviewees all talk to each other before, it's kind of scary :)
gcc is getting smarter, so we need to hit it with a bigger stick
not all IOError -> String functions are created equal :)
I'm afraid I'm completely IA64-ignorant (and hoping to remain that way until IA64 goes away :-)

JohnMeacham
her name is lambda and she dances on the sand
I liken learning haskell to tipping over a vending machine. you can't just push it, you gotta rock it back and forth a few times building up momentum until bam! suddenly the flash of insight hits and it all makes sense.
There will also be a karaoke competition to determine the fate of the monomorphism restriction.
Type theory makes totally awesome material for bar room shit talk.
Last night I was at this dive bar listening to live music and there was this cute girl I was talking too while this guy was there, we started ribbing each other in the appropriate way when confronted with the situation of two guys talking to the same girl, and our jeers eventually turned technical until we were arguing about haskell, perl, and pugs development. it turning out he was one of the pugs de

JohnPeterson
[1991] `Miranda' is a trademark of Research Software Ltd. `Haskell' is not a trademark of anyone.

Kahdloc
why's it called filter and not grep? :/

Klauso
haha, this bot seems to have many features

Korollary
I don't subscribe to smalltalk's "+" is a message you send to a number object argument
Isn't wikipedia the ultimate human knowledge trashcan?
Google employees suck. [some time later] I bet my search history has been made public right now
[On Perelman going AWOL before the Fields Medal award] I can have it if he doesnt want it. Chicks dig Fields Medals
I enjoy being satan at times
my brain is fried. I cant read any more STM papers
an olegweek is a complex entity with an imaginary part
an olegweek is a complex entity with an imaginary part

LarryWall
..take Lisp. You know it's the most beautiful language in the world. At least up until Haskell came along.

Lemmih
inv2004: Haskell isn't like all the other mainstream languages. You really need to read a tutorial.
<shapr> Any idea where we should meet?  *** Lemmih opens Google Earth.
calling an out-of-scope function isn't as easy as I had hoped

Miod
[On the vax] How many processors come with a built-in instruction which computes polynomials of degrees up to 31?

Oleg
The implementation of RSA on type level is left for future work

OlegFacts
Oleg solves NP-hard problems in N log N time... in the type system

Paltas
i read that the python developer considered to remove nearly all functional programming methods from python.. wondered if he got a stroke or something..

PaulGraham
An algorithm for lazy evaluation of research papers: Just write whatever you want and don't cite any previous work, and indignant readers will send you references to all the papers you should have cited.
I get the impression that using [Haskell] would feel like reading a novel written by a literary critic.

Philippa
"in this case using the FFI sounds rather like masturbating with a running chainsaw"
 in this case using the FFI sounds rather like masturbating with a running chainsaw
because emacs wasn't a good enough OS after all
<vincenz> Philippa: forget theory, it's about pragmatics <Philippa> we're talking FP, they tend to be the same thing
hey, if the guy wants a monadectomy that's his choice

Pseudonym
If the Romans had a zero, their programs would have been able to signal successful termination.
The Scheme programming language is optimised for writing small brain-dead tutorial compilers for.
A meeting will kill almost any good idea.
If Hofstadter had said this, it would have been much funnier.
What was considered 100 milli-Olegs of type hackery five years ago is standard operating procedure these days
I think principal types are overrated
Lazy evalution is really, really trippy.
Well, personally, I don't think dumb people should be let near a programming language.

Pupeno
lambdabot is indeed the most impresive bot I've ever seen

RyanT5000
i wish i had been programming in haskell for 7 years rather than C++

S.Behrens
or maybe she is the Queen of Sciences and he is the Mack Daddy.
Computer science is the womanizer, and math is the pure-hearted girl he won't call the next day.

SamB
any list of application domains is either incomplete or depressing
O(n^2) is better than O(hair-gone)
Haskell is the only language I know with first-class support for imperative programming
<SamB> @. bf . id . pl . v . wn yow  <lambdabot> Done.
I was just saying that encasing poeple in concrete is not the best solution to that problem
heh, my ~/.gtkrc.mine is recursive...
GHC is smart
Because sliced bread gives horribly uninformative error messages?
C is a good language. If what you want is an assembly language where you can't be sure what anything does
fworp: next time, load your shirt up in to GHCi *before* having it printed
Boy, point-free Arrows are worse than Forth...

SeanRussell
[On the wmii (window manager) mailing list] Hah!  That's a laugh.  Since when does "it compiles" equate to "it will run (correctly)"?  We're talking about C, after all... not Haskell.

SebastianHanowski
I tried to formalise a proof of rev (rev l)  = l i found in W. Kluges book "Abstract Computing Machines - A Lambda Calculus Perspective" which is pretty much a 'Pimp My Ride' for SECD-machines.

SyntaxNinja
Let's imagine something that would be awesome.
* SyntaxNinja does the type-checking dance ;)
I recommend seeing if people have a major problem, then pouring concrete on them, and implementing what you want anyway ;)
You'd be surprised how hard is to hire haskellers :( They're all like, "Yeah, I'll come work for you, and by 'come' I mean stay here and work remotely and by 'work for you' I mean I'll keep doing what I'm doing." ;)
I think that the compiler authors will fly here from England just to kill me if I did that

Taral
But I can do DP in C, which has no RT
How do you add an @quote?

Tela
... tutorials which focus on the IO monad go to great lengths to mention how Monads basically save your life every day

TimToady
learning Haskell itself is easy--I've done it several times already

TuringTest
They got it work in Haskell without understanding Haskell.  It is quite an achievement, of some description.

VerityStob
Lisp is still #1 for key algorithmic techniques such as recursion and condescension.

VirginiaCurry
"You know, Haskell actually never liked the name Haskell." -- Virgina Curry (Haskell B. Curry's widow)

adam
Lisp is like Ruby with an ugly syntax, impossible stdlib, and some macros that don't compensate for above shortcomings

adaptec
[in documentation for their raid chipsets] We have a disclaimer because there may be corner cases

adept
Tried to co-read and co-understand comonads, but got co-re dump
I think I need cobrain to understand coeffects

araujo
 Feel free to stop by and drop in some words if you like :-)

astrolabe
I put my thing in inverted commas because it isn't a really stalactite, but it looks like one, and contains nitrates from urea.

audreyt
yes, I'm aware that I'm abusing GHC beyond its designed purpose
assembly would require metaolegs (or megaolegs)
I think wiki in the original Hawaiian means "I can't find any damned thing"

augustss
hbc still has some unique features, like views.  that i've never used..

autrijus
Mechanical and super-natty! Inspect the result and *if* happy; freeze, sell and get some sleep!
Woot. I got larry wall started learning Haskell ;)
Parrot is fine except every time I build it, it fails
Well, ever since the monadic revolution of '98 Haskell people have started to do real world apps

beelsebob
dons: no - just use neil's back end. mmm... neil's arse [don] yes, ndm's back end is the source of all good things
> filter isJuggler #haskell

blackdog
My variables aren't varying.
I'm not encouraged by the comment "i don't know haskell, but CL is much better", though. it doesn't suggest careful thought and objectivity...
i think coding in your sleep should trigger an exception

boegel
goes to inflate Itkovians balls

chessguy
i didn't think pennsylvania had anybody cool enough to know haskell in it

chromatic
My productivity increased when Autrijus told me about Haskell's trace function. He called it a refreshing desert in the oasis of referential transparency.

cjeris
Cale: I like how you conveniently gloss over the part where your head explodes.
i have a little perl script that aliases gcc -freduced-suckage to ghc

cjs
I have to explain this shit to people. I mean, I start out right, "Hey, you know how you always have these bugs because what you thought was in the variable is not there?" And I get all of these nods of agreement. "Well, I've found a new language that solves that problem." Audience: "Ooooh! How?" Me: "There's no variables!" And then they all start moving away from me slowly....

darius
Well profiling does add a bit of reflection, but it should have the good sense not too go near the barbed wire fences and armed guards.
I imagine XSLT programmers say "It's a one pager" the way most other programmers say "It's a one liner".

dcnstrct
even the #lisp people say go with haskell

dcoutts
(:[]) looks like a monster

delicious-mailicious-test@quote
dmt

delicious-malicious-test
@quote dmt

desrt
man... there's this whole dark side to haskell that dr. kahl didn't teach us in 3e03

dibblego
using logic in imperative programming language channels is generally considered trolling
I believe that OO is intrinsically defective and digresses from a formal definition of "software"

dons
[When asked what qualifications Guido van Rossum has...] a chip on his shoulder?
devils are angry, noisy mini-Russel Crowes. Who wouldn't want those roamin the bush?
keroppi: i was thinking of a similar thing recently, on a bus travelling between the hotel and the google summer of code summit, sitting next to guys from apache, python, freebsd, netbsd, perl, gentoo... the end of open source was a drunk driver away, with only php goons left to run the show
keroppi: i was thinking of a similar thing recently, on a bus travelling between the hotel and the google summer of code summit, sitting next to guys from apache, python, freebsd, netbsd, perl, gentoo... the end of open source was a drunk driver away, with only php goons left to run the show
C++: creating blub programmers since 1985
"academic" is such an amusing insult.
too many papers, not enough code
that's 3 things i've never seen in the one sentence before: my assembler .. a bunch of type classes .. a natural syntax
yeah, good idea. use C++ as the prototyping language
sometimes this channel is weird
note that you're using all the advanced features of haskell in 1 line here...
Welcome to computer science, we count from 0.
note down this date, people, 13-09-2006. today lambdabot == skynet
global state is just another pure value :)
dons has quit ("improve @check")
I think Pseudonym should submit some more @free patches, instead of breaking poor lambdabot. Why do we always hurt the ones we love?
I think Pseudonym should submit some more @free patches,
xerox: what analogy or metaphor did you use? monad-as-garbage-bin? monad-as-refrigerator? monads-as-unicycle?
lambdabot's finished
 its like you can really see the guy's brain melting
[In reference to <joelr1> did you guys know that #ocaml has 37 members and #erlang has 34 vs. 202 on #haskell?] I think part of the #haskell success comes from the approach that we all know each other, it's not a homework channel like #java. We created a community of peers, working on the overall goals of the community. That's why people keep coming back
so i suspect dynamically typed langs, that just work (bugs and all) will always be more popular with the masses since most people don't understand bug theory ;)
The "I'm swallowing TaPL smiley" :[]
-fglasgow-exts ~= -fhaskell-prime
all your questions belong to us
Haskell: The language that never sells out!
ihope reaches level 4 hacker
note to self: grep only works on disks
but let is more lazy ;)
who was it who said (shapr?) that they welcome their competitors using languages other than haskell? it's a bad sign if your enemies start coding in haskell!
the type system is *great* for coding while sleepy.. you just hack any garbage together, and let the type checker deal with it
boegel, stop polluting the quote-space please
I don't mind autoconf, except for the fact that it's stupid and ugly

dylan
I run emacs for the games

edwardk
the gf obeys a paraconsistent logic, so given a contradiction you can't actually go an really prove everything like you can in classical logic, which always makes it hard to refute a claim via contradiction.
lambdabot is the first irc bot i ever added to my buddy list
heh i should probably just type up the problem specification in haskell and click compile. funny how that seems to yield the answer ;)
well, dependent types fuck with compilers ability to get anything done
been playing with type level 2s complement arithmetic
notes that in haskell, it seems that you asymptotically approach writing no code over time as you learn your way around whats already there

edwinb
I think I'd panic if I had to write something that wasn't a compiler.

emertens
screw ruby on rails, I'm using snakes on a plane

emu
 people have gotten so used to the sloppy languages like python and perl which are specified by 1 implementation that they forget there is a difference

ex0r
if map was a woman she could probably handle infinite arguments

foot
You shoot yourself in the foot very elegantly, and wonder why the whole world isn't shooting itself this way.
On a warm Saturday afternoon, sitting by the pool with a margarita, you casually sit up from your chaise lounge chair, reach over and pick up a gun, aim at your foot, and lazily pull the trigger.

fsbot
English -> English: no matching translation services found.

gFunk
[the main advantage of functional programs are that they're] incorrect the first 1000 times you try to compile it!

gaal
(ghc predicted a cpu death on my computer once.)

ghc
Exception: kevind stub
Urk! Inventing strangely-kinded void TyCon: :t{tc a5gUj} (* -> *) -> * -> *
mkProtoBCO: stack use won't fit in 16 bits 150813
You can get a PhD for explaining the True Meaning of this last construct
Urk! Inventing strangely-kinded void TyCon: [..] (* -> *) -> * -> *
ld64: INFO    171: Multigot invoked. Gp relative region broken up into 2 separate regions.
ld64: WARNING 47 : This module contains branch instruction(s) that might degrade performance on an R4000 processor.
Unable to mmap( MAP_FIXED ) for Jump Islands
Only unit numeric type pattern is valid
yi-static: internal error: TSO object entered!
deadlock: main thread blocked in a strange way
Bad eta expand
GHCi's bytecode generation machinery can't handle 64-bit code properly yet.
Malformed predicate
Can't happen
accepting non-standard pattern guards (-fglasgow-exts to suppress this message)
Bindings in hs-boot files are not allowed
Pattern bindings (except simple variables) not allowed in instance declarations
Simplifier reached fixed point
In a RHS constructor application, con type doesn't match arg types
In a case expression, type of scrutinee does not match patterns
Offending Program
WARNING: SE CAFs unsupported, forcing UPD instead
Interesting!  A join var that isn't let-no-escaped
Oops!  Entered absent arg
absApply: Duff function
TELL SIMON: evalAbsence
panic! (the `impossible' happened, GHC version 6.4)
For basic information, try the `--help' option.
magic number mismatch: old/corrupt interface file?
Exotic pattern inside meta brackets
Can't represent a guarded lambda in Template Haskell
Exotic Stmt in meta brackets
Can't represent Oxford brackets
Can't represent explicit kind signatures yet
DsExpr.dsExpr: Infinite parallel array!
GHC error in desugarer lookup
Cannot desugar this Template Haskell declaration
foreign declaration uses deprecated non-standard syntax
CPR Analysis tried to take the lub of a function and a tuple
GHC's heap exhausted
GHC stack-space overflow
Precedence out of range
Empty record update
Type signature given for an expression
Qualified name in function definition
Malformed context in instance header
parse error in data/newtype declaration
Type found where type variable expected
Malformed context in type or class declaration
parse error on input
lexical error in string/character literal
primitive string literal must contain only characters <= '\\\\xFF\\'
invalid character
PArse error (possibly incorrect indentation)
Can't match unequal length lists
Kind error
Cannot unify a type variable with a type scheme
Unexpected kind unification failure
Use -fglasgow-exts to allow GADTs
Data constructor does not return its parent type
Can't combine named fields with locally-quantified type variables or context
Cycle in class declarations (via superclasses)
Cycle in type synonym declarations
Generic method type is too complex
Use -fglasgow-exts to allow multi-parameter classes
Too many parameters for class
No parameters for class
Use -fcontext-stack20 to increase stack size to (e.g.) 20
Use -fallow-incoherent-instances
Implicit parameters escape from the monomorphic top-level binding(s)
Splices are not allowed in hs-boot files
Inaccessible case alternative
A lazy (~) pattern connot bind existential type variables
Non-type variables in constraint
All of the type variables in the constraint are already in scope (at least one must be universally quantified here)
At least one of the forall'd type variables mentioned by the constraint must be reachable from the type after the '=>'
Ambiguous constraint
Kind signature on data type declaration has non-* return kind
Malformed constructor signature
Illegal deriving item
does not have the required strict field(s)
No constructor has all these fields
Urk infer
You need -fglasgow-exts to derive an instance for this class
Try -fglasgow-exts for GHC's newtype-deriving extension
Multiple default declarations
All the type patterns for a generic type constructor must be identical
More than one type pattern for a single generic type constructor
No explicit method nor default method
falls under the monomorphism restriction
Illegal overloaded type signature(s)
bindings for unlifted types aren't allowed
Command stack underflow at command
Duplicate instance declarations
internal error: scavenge_mark_stack: unimplemented/strange closure type -1368815400 @ 0x2aaaae6981f8
My brain just exploded.
internal error: Invalid object in processHeapClosureForDead
Urk! Inventing strangely-kinded void TyCon: ZCt{tc a2AN} (* -> *) -> * -> *
parse error (possibly incorrect indentation)
Inferred type is less polymorphic than expected
Kind error
Occurs check: cannot construct the infinite type
Occurs check: cannot construct the infinite kind
Can't reify a non-Haskell-98 data constructor
Illegal polymorphic type signature in pattern
Illegal unlifted type argument
Illegal polymorphic type
The instance types do not agree with the functional dependencies of the class
Unexpected strictness annotation
Unexpected type splice
Can't splice the polymorphic local variable
On Alpha, I can only handle 4 non-floating-point arguments to foreign export dynamic
GHC internal error
GHC stage restriction
the eta-reduction property does not hold
even with cunning newtype deriving the newtype is recursive
Can't mix generic and non-generic equations for class method
The signature contexts in a mutually recursive group should all be identical
Functional dependencies conflict between instance declarations
There must be at least one non-type-variable in the instance head
Illegal constraint
Illegal unboxed tuple type as function argument
Kinds don't match in type application
From-type of Coerce differs from type of enclosed expression
foreign declaration uses deprecated non-standard syntax
Illegal binding of built-in syntax
Duplicate binding in parallel list comprehension
Implicit-parameter bindings illegal in a parallel list comprehension
adjustor creation not supported on this platform
eval_thunk_selector: strange selectee
scavenge: unimplemented/strange closure type
scavenge_stack: weird activation record found on stack
Info table already?
ARGH! Jump uses %esi or %edi with -monly-2-regs

ghci.debugger
http://haskell.org/haskellwiki/Ghci/Debugger

glguy
this is like Web 5GL. I like it
11th commandment, don't use cygwin because it is crap
that's odd, mine is this big : |-----------------------------|

gmh33
Haskell makes so much more sense now and all I did was figure out the typing thing

goltrpoat
Lemma: three cats chasing a deranged cricket all over the living room at 4am does not provide for a good reading environment

gzl
[on why monads are scary] maybe it's because people look up monad on wikipedia, find the category theory page, and crap themselves

hakko
most programmers have a lot of religious issues about their work, yes.

heatsink
@pl (\y -> you y off)

ihope
Laziness is free, but it doesn't always pay off.
Oops, I forgot that Djinn doesn't do GADT's.

int-e
What, unsafeCoerce# is kind-preserving? how boring :/
PHP is a programming language like penguins are birds. And people try to make it fly.
C++ does make a reasonably usable high-level assembler

inv2004
lambdabot: monads ?

jjuggle
I was riding around town and this cop on patrol on a bike rode up next to me and said, "There's always a show off." I offered to teach him to ride and help set up a unicycle patrol squad, but he declined.

jlouis
Q: When does one know he has programmed too much Haskell? A: When he uses == and /= in everyday IRC chat or when he tries to fix a relationship by passing himself as a continuation

jmob|
I want the world to stop at that point, go away, and give me it's argument..

joelr
the learning curve is far steeper with Haskell but it is far more elegant and readable
Fundeps, existential types, HList take a while to grasp

jrmole
any program that could read minds would just evolve into a porn downloader

kolmodin
I would rather lose my left arm than write it in Java

kzm
My program contains a bug.  How ungrateful, after all I've done for it.

l33t_h4x0r
maybe if uve had some professor teach u bullshit in uni yea \n i learned on my own.. k.. i dun give a shit bout terms :p i just code

lambdabot
@quote lambdabot
<chessguy> sorry, this is the bird book: http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Functional-Programming-2nd-Bird/dp/0134843460/sr=8-6/qid=1159309594/ref=pd_bbs_6/104-1423720-3100708?ie=UTF8&s=books  <lambdabot> http://tinyurl.com/root7
[in #haskell] there are a lot of weirdos on here
ghc-6.5: panic! (the `impossible' happened, GHC version 6.5):        checkPr...
Beer, it's so much more than just a breakfast drink!
Done.
why on the earth whould I slap dons with a wet trout
Nobody brings small problems into a laundromat.
tERmIN473d
lambdabot hasn't said anything memorable
fOra11 (t :: (* -> *) -> * -> *) (/\/\ :: * -> *) A. (/\/\oNAd+R4nz0rz t, MoN4D /\/\) => 7 ((->) a) (M a)
 lambdabot hasn't said anything memorable
Occurs check: cannot construct the infinite type: a
Couldn't match kind `?? -> ? -> *' against `(* -> *) -> * -> *'
Of course i'm female
lambdabot hasn't said anything memorable

largos
[on programming languages] "...and I'd rather not own as much rope as c/c++ gives you."

lennart
floating point numbers are terrible.  I maintain that before using them people should have an floating point drivers license
Excel is very much alive.
the best way of debugging is to understand your code
 I think people who come from imperative programming come with a mind set that you understand your code by stepping through it in the debugger.  But I find this paradigm much less useful for functional code
[August 1990] DON'T BLAME HASKELL WHEN THINGS GO WRONG
L M L  version 0.99. FTP a copy now and a free Haskell compiler is included.
alonzo is our church
Even though I'm largely responsible for making CPP available in a Haskell compiler I think it's an abomination.  It should be avoided

lispy
if you generate 1 billion patches per second, what maintainer will review them?
distribute your cognition
one thing that's funny about programming in haskell is, it's the only language i know where i sometimes rewrite code so it will work on 'inifinite' datastructures
a := new Maybe(); a.envalue(1);
lambdabot, changing the way Haskllers think since 2003
I just remembered this dream i had the other morning.  I was trying to tell my alarm clock how to snooze by using a list comprehension

liyang
We can do pair programming on a punt or something.

madpickle
Stuff costs more than it used to.

malcolm
I don't believe you need to invoke the full awesome majesty of Template Haskell
Most software doesn't need to be fast.  But all software needs a fighting chance of correctness

malig
quantum mechanics actually strikes me as less wierd than lazy evaluation sometimes. at least it disallows time travel
I have to admit I'm still stunned when "tying the knot" actually works. it's like I just performed the kind of magic that normally requires a lot more goat's blood

math
2^20 ~= 10^6

mathewm
I am playing with (.)

mattam
[Monads are] much more elegant [than soccer] in general.

matthew-_
wow, haskelldb is amazing. the type system tells me when I've forgotten to select certain columns!

mikaeli
hmm, one national tv station I was watching while eating breakfast crashed with bsod. I guess that's what you get for running windows in production use
My friend bought a new laptop; it had MSBLASTER preinstalled. I couldn't believe it either and installed XP and the apps many times, run virus killers and everytime the blaster came back. Everything was packed on a rescue cd. And virus was in m$ works installation files.

monochrom
recursive directory search is an alpha-beta with boring values of alpha and beta.
The problem is that bad programmers will assess tutorials for good programmers as "ivory tower", and moreover bad programmers are the vocal majority.  It gets you bad press.
Power doesn't corrupt you. No no no. Power makes you INSANE! Absolute power makes you absolutely insane! BWAHAHAHAHAHA...
people ∩ haskellers = ∅
All numbers just sit there doing nothing.
[monochrom] I prove my programs correct. [sjanssen] my programs are more correct than you deserve
Do you know how godawful it is the 21st Century already and 2 out of 3 mainstream languages don't have nested functions, and the remaining 1 has it but only by way of an even more godawful construct?

musasabi
combining Cabal and autoconf is an evil and complex art.
reallyUnsafePointerEq# seems unsafe.
<musasabi> no reason to reinvent the whole wheel  <musasabi> (usually reinvented wheels end up square)

mwc
I can only believe that Java is a conspiracy perpetrated by keyboard manufacturers
I actually got away with running Haskell through a TeX pretty printer and handing it in as pseudocode

ndm
This was not said by me
outside of haskell i know roughly as many satan worshipers as christians.
it needs a rewrite to support the wacky features i want to add, at amazing speed
i once had a boss who complained because some code someone had written crashed, and yet "it clearly says in the company coding guidelines not to write code that crashes"
its just that yacc is a C tool, so not working well is just part of life
the only language i've seen which is ugly at a deeper level than syntax is perl

newbcoder
newbcoder is the best of them all

newsham
irc bots executing external programs..  always a good idea! what could possibly go wrong?
it would be neat having correct programs
haskell's like chess.  easy to learn. hard to master.

nocotigo
if you can't tell what encoding the code is in, i'd say you've gone too far

norpan
your sentence missing a verb

ozone
when will bytestring be O(1) for all operations?
joelr1: our C++ guru at work is getting a bit sick of me saying "ah, so that's like <x> in haskell, but not quite as elegant..."

pesco
"Scientists Reveal: Human Consciousness Stems From Two Files in Different Directories!"

psykotic
[monads aren't hard] they're just monoids on the category of endofunctors over some category, what's the big deal?

qwe1234
it's 2006 already, and the world doesn't need 'dynamic languages'. otherwise, we'd be all programming in perl.

ralflammel
I am confident about my admiration for Haskell

reddi
and now i know: IT DOES NOT WORK ALWAYS ;-)

roconnor
<roconnor> xerox: I'm dumber than a turning machine.
error "there is no spoon" :: not Spoon
 O(n) is slow when n=infinity
life lesson from today: 1 closure is nice, 500 000 closures sucks

samc
monads are hard, let's go shopping

sarahbot
sarahbot: later tell lambdabot @quote sarahbot

scodil
you say sledgehammer like its a bad thing

scsibug
i could have sworn it was incorrect until it type-checked

sethk
it's certainly true that you can clobber the stack in C without even getting out of bed in the morning

shapr
I dare you to call a substructural type system obvious anywhere outside of #haskell.
I dare you to call a substructural type system obvious anywhere outside of #haskell.
[Regarding Hudak's so-called 'Gentle' introduction] Yeah, the mental brickbat of doom is a bit closer.
Programming is the Magic Executable Fridge Poetry, it is machines made of thought, fueled by ideas.
The legal system is the ultimate denial of service attack.
I don't know why the GHC team won't accept my spoonIO patch
I've toked on so many lambdas I'm getting dependent types
Anyway, I'm just a walking index into the Haskell world. I can tell you a little bit about many things, but I will quickly forward you to the experts for more detail.
I am hexed and vexed ;-)
Academics are continually chewing pieces off of impossible and making them merely difficult.
Windows users are like the wives of alcoholics, they'll take any amount of abuse and come right back.
I encourage my competitors to use Windows.
GHC has more flags than the UN
I've tried to teach people autodidactism, but I've realized they have to learn it for themselves.

sieni
the advantage of haskell is that it doesn't suck
python, like php, is just training wheels without the bike
scheme adheres to the TIMTOBFTTWTDI principle instead of TIMTOWTDI
C provides people with the expressiveness of fortran combined with the portability of assembler

sigfpe
Haskell is so strict about type safety that randomly generated snippets of code that successfully typecheck are likely to do something useful, even if you've no idea what that useful thing is.

simonpj
You may not like this but this should work..

sjanssen
I suspect that planet.haskell.org has more content on catamorphisms than cats
Quoth the Prelude, Chapter 6, verse 4:  Yeah verily shall repeat floweth cons cells over.
@djinn Haskell -> Curry

skew
[monads are] just like the sequences of statements in other languages. Except very rarely have they thought so deeply about what that sequencing means
We don't believe in constant factors.
Swapping is just a constant factor
I think blackdog is right

souwh
<shapr> hm, I have extra spaces there. \n <souwh> oooh, those can be saved and reused later!

spj
it looks like hopscotch! (referring to a funny notation for lists)

state
 ?. ++ . read . show . state ?. ++ . read . show . state

stepcut
how can you possibly implement business logic without knowing about Schonfinkel!?
I wrote 1 + 1 in php once, and got 11 -- wasn't quite what I was hoping for

syntaxfree
Functional programming has finally arrived to the masses. Its name is not Lisp, ML or Haskell: it's Visual Basic
<Bourbaki> the best thing i have ever read in economy is a statement of some guy "i have never met the homo oeconomicus" <syntaxfree> I have never met a catamorphism, either.
one could use the euro symbol for left-associative $.
Many people think the core ideas behind Haskell came from academic luminaries such as Philip Wadler and Simon Peyton-Jones. What actually happened is that during a functional programming conference, some key academics were teleported to the Deep Complex Universe. In the Deep Complex Universe some Gnomes were having Tangling problems. Wadler & friends solved their problems and as a reward the Tangled Gnomes gave them the S

tennin
[very #haskell] anyone know of any good books/papers on the application of category theory to databases?

therp
good morning. I think I have been dreaming of shift/reset continuations...

tomasz
After all, return is only a fancy name for liftM0 :-)

twb
But, I love my job. It's like being in a rock band. i.e. no pay, but fun.

u221e
I swear, reading Haskell source code is like trying to read a Chinese newspaper

vegai
Hey Haskell! Give me that File! -Naah, I'm too lazy. *thinks* I'll give you a cookie if you tell me how many letters that file has! -Oh, ok!

vincenz
[Ocaml] used to be pretty, Haskell made it ugly
[talking about lambdabot] cause it really is a grand development tool
Geek is Chique.

vixen
If you see this, gentle sir, know that you are being trolled by a poorly configured VixenLove program

wadler
Curried food and curried functions are both aquired tastes

weitzman
The Prelude needs verse numbers to use when quoting it.
Sometimes it's ok to polish diningware with a hammer, as long as it gets the job done

wilx
I mean, besides the murders, it all looks so nice.

xahlee
The Haskell Logo is the perfection of logos

xerox
#haskell is a good code optimizer.
#haskell is a good code optimizer.
The more [language] extensions, the bigger the fun
dcoutts: why don't you fly?
I am really interested specifically in bottoms in this very moment.
> take 10 lol where lol = "ol" : zipWith (:) (intersperse 'o' $ cycle "l") lol
you know, befunge is probably the only language I've seen where you can run code pasted from IRC with the <nick> tags still in place ;-)

your_mom
Will you stop telling dumb jokes about me please?
Oh, that felt good.  Can you do it again?

